[Music]
Oh, I just got the heat from that.
>> I want the with love take on like why
does this taste so good? What's so
special about this?
>> It's the squishy bun. It's the crunch in
the onion. It's the texture of the meat.
It's
>> They're perfect.
It's kind of a perfect meal and I'm
thrilled that you're having it with me.
>> Yep. This is me in Santa Barbara
devouring smashburgers with a duchess.
This is Megan, the Duchess of Sussex.
One of the most talked about women in
the world. You know, or you may think
you know, Meghan Markle, the royal, the
tabloid subject, the actress. Then
there's what the media has told you
about Megan the Divider, who traded the
trappings of life in the monarchy for
the comfy coast of California. But on
this episode of The Circuit, we'll try
to understand Megan the businesswoman.
Just this year, she's launched a Netflix
show, a podcast, and a lifestyle brand
that sells jam, rosé, and those much
talked about flower sprinkles. It's a
new chapter. So, fittingly, our morning
started with a walk through a bookstore,
a location in the latest season of her
Netflix series. We talked big decisions
for her business,
>> and suddenly the conversation goes from
a few thousand jars and lids to we need
to do a purchase order of a million. I
got her response to feedback on her
show, The Good and the Bad.
>> Are they saying negative things and then
secretly going home and making single
skillet spaghetti? Possibly.
>> And things got real. All before noon on
a Tuesday. When do you feel the least,
Duchess of Sussex?
>> Oh my god, sitting here eating a mash
burger with you being asked these
questions.
>> The big question is, can Megan have a
second act as an entrepreneur and a
taste maker? Can she succeed on her own
terms? And will a highly skeptical world
even let her?
>> If you could choose one thing for people
to know the truth about you, what would
that one thing be? The one thing? Oh
gosh. What's the one thing?
[Music]
>> Hi.
>> Hi. Hi.
>> This is my friend's place. This is
Godmothers.
>> It is so beautiful.
>> Oh gosh. Yeah. I mean, they did a
spectacular job with it. This is their
wall of Godmothers who lit the way.
>> I love it.
>> Yeah. And you'll love the space in here.
I mean, they have such a beautiful
curation of fantastic books. Hi there.
And the kids section upstairs is
amazing.
>> I love a kids section.
>> What's your guilty pleasure? Are you
like a thrillers?
>> Oh my god.
>> Trashy romance.
>> Well, I spend so much time reading
children's books. And you have four
kids.
>> Yes, I do.
>> So, you know, our kids are four and six.
And so, at the end of the night, I do
that. And then I haven't really
>> I haven't really gotten into a book in a
long time.
>> Um
>> I know it's hard. I I also books books.
>> Parenting, self-help.
>> Yeah. And then my late night indulgence
now is just a lot of Dolingo.
>> Do you ever do that? Oh, it's great.
>> Um when I could find the time. What are
you dualingoing?
>> I'm dualingoing French.
>> Yeah. I committed to relearning it and
so yeah,
>> I would love to do that.
>> It's really fun.
>> So, I saw that you were at the opening
of this place with
>> Oprah
>> and you talked about how bookstores felt
like a safe space. Tell me about that.
>> You know, I think bookstores, you can
find your story there. You can find some
version of your story or what feels true
to you in it. And within all those
pages, it's just such a great space for
discovery. And I think that makes people
feel safe.
Morning.
[Music]
I'd love a little latte. How are you
doing? I'm
>> doing good. How are you?
>> Good. We're here early. It's Misty
today.
>> I know.
>> What would you like?
>> Can I get an oat milk chai tea latte?
>> Of course. Thank you.
>> Great. Thank you.
>> So, what is it about Monaceto? Like,
what made this place feel like home more
than other places?
>> Well, we moved here 5 years ago. Oh,
we're just so happy because we can take
our kids to school and have a really
supported, sweet life, running around
and doing the things that I think
everyone maybe is part of your
dayto-day, but if you don't think about
what life would be like without those
moments,
>> it's easy to take them for granted. So,
I love it. We have such a beautiful
embracing community. Um, yeah. And been
able to really create and dream here.
>> Yeah. All right. Coffee. Coffee.
>> Yes. Yes.
How important is it to own your own
story?
>> It's the most important thing in the
world.
>> Do you feel like you own your own story?
>> I know I do.
>> Mhm.
>> And if you know me, you know that I do.
I think there are always going to be
moments where you feel as though a story
is being told about some caricature of
you that actually has nothing to do with
you.
>> And that can be really hard to
reconcile.
>> But I think the more comfortable you get
with yourself, certainly age helps. 44.
It's great. It's great. And I um and I
just think there really is a lot of
value to when you anchor into your own
knowing,
>> then you're telling your own story.
>> You're telling your own story and how
you show up in the world, what you do.
You actually don't need to say anything.
>> You can show who you are.
>> People think they know who you are. Your
story has been told a thousand ways. But
I want to hear it from you. So, when you
were 11 years old, you protested an ad
that you thought was sexist.
>> And I found it
>> with Linda Ellerby.
>> Yes. I want you to watch it.
>> Oh gosh, I remember these. My
classmates, too. Let's see.
>> Commercial. I knew something be done
because I was
>> I still make that face.
>> And I said, "Wait a minute. How could
somebody say that? I think I'll write a
letter."
>> I did. I wrote a few. Yeah. Tell me
about that girl and how she grew up.
>> Yeah, I grew up in LA and I had a great
childhood. That time was really
fascinating because that day that we
were watching that commercial at school
was also when the LA riots were
happening.
>> And so you have this contrast of the
city was going on lockdown.
We're very young and don't fully
understand what's going on. on. It was a
very tense time in Los Angeles with race
relations and they put on the TV because
all of us kids had to stay there until
our parents could come and pick us up.
That commercial happens to come on and I
remember look the boys in the classroom
said yeah that's room and belong in the
kitchen and that's really what upset me.
It was a very turbulent time in our city
and a lot of uncertainty but the one
thing I was certain on you know in all
of this was that's wrong. Let's do
something about it. And it was just so
empowering to know that at a really
young age your voice could be heard well
before social media where everyone
doesn't just have a soap box. And then I
went into middle school feeling very
confident because I was able to affect
change for good.
>> That is to say that girl has been in you
since the beginning.
>> Yes. I think I think our character who
we are at your core I don't think that
shifts. I think a lot of behaviors and
habits and roles that you end up playing
in your life can bring out the best or
or worst in a lot of people, but you're
still who you are.
>> Is there an inherent tension in trying
to be relatable while also being a
duchess?
>> No, I don't find I'm just being myself.
So, I think probably it was different
several years ago
where I couldn't be as vocal and
I had renewed panty hoes all the time.
It was, let's be honest, that was not
very myself. I hadn't seen panty hoes
since movies in the 80s when they came
in the little egg. That felt a little
bit inauthentic, but that's a silly
example, but it is an example of when
you're able to dress the way you want to
dress and you're able to say the things
that are true and you're able to show up
in the space really organically and
authentically.
That's being comfortable in your own
skin. And that's of course had different
chapters in my life. But right now, no,
I don't feel I don't feel that I need to
prove anything.
That said, Megan and Harry are trying to
establish themselves on new ground, and
they're taking some big swings. After
coming to California, they dropped a hit
tell- all documentary series on Netflix.
But a podcast Megan launched with
Spotify had a short run. She returned to
the screen in March with a show with
Love Megan, where she alongside friends
and celebrity guests shares her tips for
cooking, gardening, and hosting. It was
green lit for a just released season 2.
What's your vibe on launch day? Are you
zen or are you like gritting your teeth?
>> Oh, no, no, no. I'm very zen because
it's done.
>> Yeah,
>> it's done. So, I think I I sort of
approach that with anything that I pour
my heart into and create is you've done
everything you can and then you have to
let it go.
>> How much preparation would go into a
with love shoot? Like, are you
memorizing recipes? Are you sharpening
your knife skills? Are there hours of
taste test?
>> It's a great question. a lot of prep and
a huge crew, which I think people often
forget that was a crew of 80 people. So,
most of it in the pre-production was
inspired by recipes that I love to make,
who I was entertaining, and then test it
all out. Yeah, it's a lot.
>> The show hit the top 10.
>> Yeah.
>> Globally.
>> And yet, there were mixed reviews.
>> I watched every episode of the Megan
Markle Netflix show, so you don't have
to. Today my guest is a dear friend who
I've known for about 20 years. So
welcome in Fabian.
>> Megan, right?
>> Yeah. Megan, right?
>> I saw so many people recreate her
recipe. So like where's the hate coming
from?
>> How did that land for you?
>> I think I knew who I was trying to meet
and so if you know your audience, you
know your demographic, well they love
the show and my partners love the show
and that's why we have a season two and
why we have more fun coming. So, I think
often times the negative voices, are
they saying negative things and then
secretly going home and making a single
skillet spaghetti? Possibly. And that's
all right. They're trying to pay their
bills and that's for them to sort out if
they're comfortable doing it at someone
else's detriment. From my standpoint,
the intention of the show was to share
more of myself, to share tips that I
love in my life, and to have fun.
>> But there's this take that you're
glorifying homemaking or glorifying
trades.
>> Oh, really? H that feels odd to me.
>> Yeah. How do you respond to that?
>> That feels odd to me. I mean, I I hadn't
heard that. Um
but I'm really unapologetic about the
fact that I though would it be lovely to
go and churn your own butter.
Sure, maybe. I don't have time for that.
I don't have time for that. And I don't
think you get an extra gold star if you
do that. So, for me, a lot of it is how
do you show up thoughtfully? I don't
have time to make dinner every night. I
wish I did. I don't have time for that.
I'm great at ordering takeout and
plating it beautifully. And look, and
yes, do I have small things where even
on my kids plates, I wipe the side of
the plate. Someone might go, "Oh my
gosh, that's so ridiculous." For me,
that's 2 seconds where I get to present
something that looks a little bit more
beautiful. I have absolutely no judgment
on trades. If that works for them, then
they should do it. But for me, I think
there is an in between. And joy for me
comes in finding that sweet spot in the
middle.
>> This year, alongside her Netflix series,
Megan made her first move into online
retail with As Ever. It's an evolution
of her passion for lifestyle content,
which dates back to The Tig, a blog she
launched in 2014 that touted fashion,
beauty, and travel tips. That shut down
shortly after she started dating a
prince. Megan wouldn't share sales
figures for As. But so far, most of its
inventory has quickly sold out.
>> As Ever is also cooking, just had
another launch. The rosé sold out also
in less than an hour.
>> 44 minutes. I was I was shocked.
>> How do you keep up with demand?
>> When you sell out that quickly, you
actually
it's a double-edged sword because it's
an incredible thing to happen for any
small business and any startup. And at
the same time, you don't get the same
metrics and learnings about which SKUs
and products are the most coveted
because it's all gone immediately. So
then we prepped for the second seasonal
drop and 10xed our inventory and thought
for sure, for sure that would at least
last for a couple weeks.
>> That sold out in a couple hours. And
suddenly the conversation goes from at
the start of this year talking about a
few thousand
jars and lids to we need to do a
purchase order of a million. And that's
a huge jump in just a few months of
starting a business.
>> And the plan is to go global.
>> Yes. Yes. Absolutely.
>> How long does it take to develop each
product? What's that process like?
>> Oh goodness. I I exas I'm exasperated in
some ways by that only because it is
such a tedious proposition to scale your
own home recipe to something at mass and
maintain the same not just quality but
the same flavor that you're able to do
at home. And I think any home cook would
say that if you say,"Great, can you make
your cobbler that I love?" Said, "Great.
Of course I can make my cobbler."
"Great. Can you make a million cobblers?
Can you teach someone how to make a
million cobblers that taste just like
the one that you have at home?" I also
have to be conscious of, you know,
people who really understand canning can
say the bricks method when you're going
at scale.
>> I mean, now I'm going to get a little
nerdy and jammy with you. Um,
>> I can tell the details,
>> but there's a lot of detail in it.
There's lots of tiny nuances that I
don't think people would think about and
then make sure that it can come out at
the way that feels reflective of what I
make at home.
>> What about pricing? Like how did you
determine your pricing strategy? Like
what are the margins?
>> Yes, the pricing I think is key from my
standpoint. I know where I came from. I
remember being in high school and having
my after school job and all I wanted to
do was save up to buy a shirt that said
BB.
>> Yes. right? That just said BB. And if
you could get the one with the
rhinestone BB, you really made it. And
my I always think about
>> that version of me who there might be a
brand or a person that you look up to
and you want to have a piece of what
they're sharing in the world. And that
can't be something that is out of price
range. That can't be something that is
so aspirational, you're never going to
be able to afford it. So, there is
something, I think, really important in
that the first hero product was this $9
jar of jam, which my 15-year-old self
would have been able to buy, and then
after you finish the jam, you could use
that to put your flowers in it, little
jar, or your pens on your desk. And I
like the idea of having something that
just felt signature in that way and
keepsake packaging and affordable.
>> Celebrity brands are all the rage right
now. What's going to make yours stand
out?
>> I think the authenticity is probably
what will help it stand apart. Also, the
price point. I think certainly we're
looking at economically what's happening
right now. You really want things to be
in a range that people can still have a
piece of whatever ends up happening with
our economy. More than anything, I've
just poured so much love into this
brand. And I I would say the same for so
many of these celebrities who probably
have dreamed of something for a long
time. And at the same time when they see
it come to fruition for a lot of them
are they writing copy and doing all
these things that maybe they are which I
think is incredible. Everyone is putting
out something unique in the world even
if it feels like there's a million
tequilas. I'm sure they all have a
different point of view in some regard
and I really do believe that a high tide
raises all boats. I believe that. I
think there's room for all of us.
>> It's a very crowded room. Celebrities
like Rihanna, Selena Gomez, and Ryan
Reynolds built billion-dollar businesses
by capitalizing on their fame to
influence consumer behavior. It's
creating something of an entrepreneurial
arms race in Hollywood. The most popular
verticals are beauty, fashion, and
alcohol. Megan's Rosé, while getting
good reviews, is joining a pretty packed
celebrity shelf. To build a brand that
endures beyond the viral launch, some
celebs have partnered with operators or
raised capital from outside investors.
Megan is taking a different approach.
>> The Netflix of it all. You have a really
unique relationship with them. How does
it work? Like take us behind the
curtain.
>> Sure.
>> Who has the last word?
>> Creatively. They they very graciously
said, "No, this is your baby and this is
your brand." So all creative decisions
and final decisions like that end up
with me. The CPG division might be newer
for a lot of people to hear about. They
have been doing that with a lot of shows
and brands that they've had and been in
the consumables territory and market.
Stranger Things. They've introduced a
line of ice creams or pizzas. So, they
have a lot of incredible suppliers and
manufacturers that they are comfortable
working with and then I'm able to try
their products, work with their those
teams as well, and then sort of green
light. While you can go to Netflix's
website and buy Bridgetton pickle ball
paddles or Squid Game plushies, Megan's
Jam inspired brand is not just an
extension of her series, but a separate
standalone business.
Do you have any backers other than
Netflix or are you looking for other
investors
>> at the moment? No. Netflix is my partner
and investor.
>> Why not raise money on your own? You
know, where you might have more control.
You might have more financial upside.
>> That had been my plan
and and I thought that it would be great
just to build out my own team and really
do it purely on my terms. But then I
also would say Netflix made a really
compelling cell. We began our
relationship with Netflix five years ago
purely as a production company with
Artwell Productions and we've managed to
have some wonderful shows and docue
series that we're really proud of and
then with the evolution of our
partnership now is them doubling down in
their support of As ever.
Just days after this interview, Netflix
announced that following its initial
5-year, $100 million deal with Harry and
Megan. They've signed a reportedly far
less lucrative first look deal similar
to the Obamas. Her everpresent critics
seem to view this as yet another
setback. But really, what it means is
Harry and Megan can shop their shows
elsewhere if Netflix doesn't bite.
Recently released viewership numbers
reveal With Love Megan did hit the top
10 initially, but ultimately only had
5.3 million views and ranked 383rd on
Netflix's watch list. A season 3 is TBD,
but Netflix is promising a holiday
special with Megan and will continue to
back as ever.
Megan said in a statement that she and
Harry are proud of the New Deal, which
celebrates their shared vision.
So, what is the grand vision for As
ever? Like, what do you want it to be?
What don't you want it to be?
>> I don't want it to feel generic. I don't
want it to feel cookie cutter. I don't
want it to feel
I don't want it to feel like it was
phoned in.
>> Mhm.
>> And I know that you it would be
impossible to feel that way cuz I know
how much time I spend on it from soup to
nuts. But I want it to be something that
people feel excited to have in their
home and especially that people feel
excited to gift. So what is the path to
profitability?
>> The scaling is going to be key and
certainly shifting out of DTOC not
necessarily into brickandmortar of our
own but in finding the right retail
partners that make sense to be on the
shelves.
>> Do you want to see it at Target or
William Sonoma or
>> I think a key retail partner is going to
be very valuable. And also look if you
look at the categories it might not just
be one. We might have exclusivity in
certain ones that make sense for the
consumables, but as you expand into
candles or things throughout the home,
where do those live that it makes sense?
>> So, between the show and as ever the
podcast,
>> it's been a busy year.
>> It's been a busy year. You were off
social media for years and now you're
back on. Do you feel like you're sort of
launching a new you or rebranding
yourself?
>> No, I think how funny. No, I think I
finally get to share the me that's been
here for so long that people maybe
haven't had the same visibility to.
Coming back on Instagram was a really
big decision, but also
it's just been joyful and I'm really
intentional in using it as a platform to
share joy and to have fun as well. And
so I I get to play and explore. I just I
play in public.
[Applause]
Megan has now spent nine years on a very
public, often unrelenting world stage.
In 2018, she was the most Googled person
in the world, for better or for worse.
>> My wife in 2018 was the most troubled
person in the world. Um, so that so
there was there was a little experience
in that, but at point we suddenly think,
okay, well, let's go on let's, you know,
let's take take this industry on. Do you
feel like it's hard to sort of show your
whole self?
>> I waffle with some of my choices before
I make them. I'm generally very
decisive. But social media is a great
barometer for this for me because
putting out a video of myself 9 months
pregnant
>> was a really big choice. But I also
wanted people to see themselves in my
story and our story and to be able to
show that with all the noise that might
happen in the world on a day-to-day
basis, real life is still happening
behind the scenes. Really real life.
>> But you put that out there and some
people like they they tear it apart, you
know?
>> I'm sure they did. I don't know. But I
also protect myself from seeing that.
>> It's been interesting preparing for this
interview because every day you search
for your name and there's like a
thousand different new stories about a
thousand different things.
>> Yes. And so,
>> but I have but I guess the distinction
there is those people don't know me and
they're not talking about me. And that's
a really hard place to come to to terms
with
>> but that's the truth. So, if you can
really compartmentalize it and go,
>> "Oh, right. There is a very very
powerful machine and it's all about
generating income.
>> Those stories aren't just appearing
because it's fun. Clickbait has a huge
financial implication. And so if I'm
part of an SEO and that gets them more
clickbait, then yes, they're
incentivized to turn out as many
stories, false or damaging or whatnot to
feed the beast because that's paying
them. And I think a lot of people forget
the economic element of it. And I think
from my standpoint, that's why I don't
look at it. It would be very hard to see
anything about yourself that isn't true.
But equally, it's not me that they're
talking about. It's some caricature
they've had to create to get clicks. And
I'm very clear on the difference between
the two.
>> Do you feel like you have to be perfect?
Do you feel like you have to curate what
you show us or be a more polished
version of the Megan that you that you
are like, you know, just at home putting
your feet up on the couch?
>> I did I did feel that for a while. I
felt a lot of pressure to
even though I wasn't seeing it, you
could feel the energy of it. So, you
feel a lot of pressure to go, is this
hair out of place? I bet it is. But I'm
okay with it. Is uh is someone gonna say
something about anything? Probably. Pro
once you make peace with the fact that
they're gonna say something about
anything.
And that's a hard place to get where you
can make peace with that. Then I think
you just settle into being yourself. But
whether you're high-profile or not, it's
hard to be a teenager. It's hard to be
in your 20s. It's hard to be a mom for
the first time. every chapter we're
figuring it out for the first time.
Every single chapter. And then you layer
in just the natural change that happens
as we get older. I don't think there's
anything
valuable about trying to be perfect.
Perfect doesn't exist. And
I guess my version of the closest thing
to perfection
would be being really comfortable in
your own skin. And I do think that comes
with time.
>> And with that, it felt like a perfect
time for some fresh air. Megan tipped us
off to a great local spot where we
continued the conversation from raising
kids to the state of the world and
what's really in a name. Well, a lot
apparently. Have you heard of this
place? I haven't. I'm excited.
>> I would love an IPA. And then I'm having
the jalapeno.
>> I'll have a regular smash. Yeah. A
cheeseburger smash. on regular
>> smash smashed
>> cheeseburger. Here's our number.
>> Thank you.
>> Okay. So, yum. I know. I think you're
going to love it. I'm hungry and
thirsty.
>> This is perfect.
>> Well, you're in the right place.
>> All right. Cheers.
>> Cheers.
>> So, I mean, obviously, this is a quieter
town. Can you actually get a drink in
peace?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah,
>> we go out a lot and I love it. We I go
out with my girlfriends for dinner and
lunches and obviously my husband and I
have a lot of date nights because it's
important.
>> Um but yeah, we go out a lot in our
community in Monito and in Santa Barbara
and people are just really friendly.
>> Are there any tricks to being incognito?
>> No, we're not trying to be incognito.
>> Okay.
>> Different chapter.
>> If you had total anonymity for a month,
what would you do?
>> I would go grocery shopping every day.
I miss grocery shopping so much though
I'm very much on Instacart. I would do
that. I would travel in a different way.
I used to travel so much and we can but
it has a lot of layers. So I would just
backpack and road trip and be able to be
a little bit more spontaneous.
I was talking with Melinda French Gates
about how we're living in such a charged
time right now and sometimes it feels
like no one is speaking up and that, you
know, people aren't using their voices
cuz it's scary to speak up. And she
said, "I don't think the voices are
gone. They're just quietly
strategizing."
>> The quiet part of the song is still part
of the song.
>> What do you think of the direction our
country is going in? I think right now
it's a really interesting time for the
entire world. I just hope that people
are able to maintain the values that
they feel are important to them and to
feel safe and and to remember our
humanity with each other in all of it.
Like how however polarized the world can
be or feel, if you go back to the fact
that we're human beings and try to find
the way that we can connect versus feel
divided. I think that's the only way
through whatever can feel trying. On
that note, you you know, you talked
about growing up in LA.
>> Chaos erupts here in LA County.
Widespread immigration raids triggering
protest.
>> How does it feel to see your town
simultaneously under threat and fighting
back?
>> I've seen my town like that a lot over
the years. LA has always been so
resilient. That's what I know my
hometown to be. And so this to me, while
it's a different version of what we've
experienced, I think the strength of the
people in LA coming together has always
been paramount. That's not new.
>> You're in a unique position. I saw you
do an interview in 2016 and you had some
choice words for for President Trump.
>> I think it was in 2012 like the
Republican party lost the female vote by
12 points. That's a huge number. And
with as misogynistic as Trump is and so
vocal about it, that's a huge chunk of
it. You're not.
>> Are there things you're dying to say or
do right now that you feel like you
can't?
>> No, I just make a choice of what matters
to me and what's important to me. And
that was a a different time in 2016
certainly. But
>> no, I mean I What was that? The Larry
Wilmore show.
>> I was so excited to have that. I was so
excited to be able to go on that show at
the time.
>> Yeah. No, I think Hi, how are you?
>> Good, thank you. Thanks for having us.
>> Thank you. I've got a classic and a
jalapeno.
>> I'm a classic.
>> Okay.
>> Thank you.
>> Perfect. There we go.
>> Thank you. Let me grab some napkins from
you. Thank you.
>> Okay. We'll wait for the nap just to be
on the safe side. I'll let you finish
your answer.
>> Of course, it was a different time. I
was excited to be on the show. And I
think if there's anything that I wanted
to say or that felt necessary to say,
then I would say it.
>> But that's not where I'm at right now. I
don't think I've I haven't said anything
since 2016. That was well before I met
my husband, too.
>> All right. Well, here we go. Should we
try the burger?
>> Yes. But you can do a burger. You want a
napkin? Okay.
>> You're going to want a nap.
>> Well, you're wearing all white. Thank
you so much. You're welcome. Appreciate
it. Hope you enjoy.
>> Oh, it's going to be great. Do you see
what they do there?
>> And there's giant pickles.
>> Look at my jalapeno. See?
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
Okay.
Mhm.
>> Well, you asked earlier about you feel
the pressure to be real.
>> We're human. We eat.
>> Yeah.
>> It's not always going to be elegant and
beautiful, but it's going to be
delicious.
>> We lick our fingers.
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> What else? You have lots of burning
questions.
>> I have lots of burning questions. What
have you learned about yourself since
becoming Sussex?
>> Well, interesting. What I learned about
myself is no matter what my name is or
what people call me, I'm still the same
person. So that didn't really that
didn't change who I am. And maybe that's
probably the biggest distinguishing
factor. Give me a tutorial on royal
naming conventions. So like, are you
Megan Sussex? Are you Megan Duchess of
Sussex?
>> Mhm.
>> Is Markle even on your passport anymore?
Is it We don't use that term anymore.
>> Well, when I got married, I changed my
name.
>> Yeah. Um, but it's it's a complicated
one for people to understand because a
last name is
not typical in that construct.
>> I think we expect a last name but and is
that a last name or is that
>> it's not but it's it's used
>> roughly or loosely rather. It sounds so
silly to say and I get it because I'm
American and then I went there and I
started to understand then you come back
and as an American you go I'm so
confused. Yeah,
>> it's a dupdom.
>> Mhm.
>> A dukdom. That's a new word for me.
>> It's a dukeom.
>> Okay.
>> So, but that's that's the truth of it.
But at the end of the day, you know,
Yes. So, my legal name is Megan, Duchess
of Sussex.
>> But Sussex for us works as our family
name and it's a name that we share with
our children. And
>> um but yes, since we've been married,
that's what I've been called. Do you
like this?
>> Yeah, I do. You see me staring at your
necklace. You just totally called me
out. And I'm definitely not the only one
taking note of Megan's fashion choices.
There's a blog called What Megan Wore
that's been tracking her outfits and
accessories for fans ever since her
relationship with Prince Harry went
public. On one occasion, Megan sporting
a bracelet spiked an 11,000% increase in
sales for the company that made it.
There's even a term for this.
>> The Megan effect. I don't know if you've
heard about this one.
>> I've heard about that one. this concept
that you can transform a small business
by wearing or using their products. How
do you make decisions about what to wear
or what to feature knowing that you can
have that level of impact? It's hugely
flattering and it's also
I take it seriously. Up until then,
there was always speculation on what I
might be wearing and then you'd find
different media outlets would put it up
with their affiliate sales and and they
might sell out on a shirt, but it wasn't
the shirt of that female founder that I
was choosing to support. And that was
really interesting for me because a lot
of my choices, especially when I wasn't
using my voice as often, my fashion
choices were decisive and they were
really designed to uplift a lot of
smaller brands that people might not
know about, especially female founded
brands and designers. And so from my
standpoint, even having shop my on
Instagram has been a interesting
exploration because I'm able to say
these are the actual brands and people
can find what they're looking for if
they wanted to emulate the style.
>> I mean there's speculation you want to
get into hospitality, are there like
hotels?
>> Oh gosh. Restaurants,
>> beauty, fashion, what's on the horizon?
>> No, that's a lot of stuff. I do not at
this moment have any aspiration of
getting into hotels and hospitality.
That's the first I've heard that one.
I'm open to the possibilities of what
can happen certainly in the expansion of
As ever. I would not put beauty or
fashion out of the mix. I think those
are things that people associate with me
and it's categories that I really love.
Um I just wanted to start with something
that felt a little bit closer to home.
>> You've been doing some angel investing.
Yes.
>> I saw that you called it Dolphin Tank as
opposed to Shark Tank.
>> Well, I love Shark Tank, by the way.
Don't get me wrong. I love watching that
show. I just wanted to approach it with
friendly water.
>> Yeah. Well, there are sharks out there.
Let's be honest. How do you learn to
swim with the great whites?
>> So eloquent.
>> Um, so cinematic as well.
>> I'm just really, really considered in my
approach of who I want to invest in and
work with, specifically women at
different generations.
>> Equally, it's not just the concept that
I'm investing in. it's the founder and
really knowing how I can be valuable for
them. My association with the brand,
yes, it might it might have that effect
and but I want to be more valuable than
just the clickbait version. I want to be
able to bring really sound investors to
their cap table. I want to be able to
open up their network for them. I want
to be able to be a soundboard and and
just a place for advice and to help them
grow.
>> Do you and Harry do deals together? Any
deal?
>> Yes, absolutely. What's the sort of
working together strategy?
>> What do we both believe in? What do we
think is really going to move the
needle? My husband served 10 years in
the military. He's obviously very minded
about how we show up and do good, how we
can be of service, and he looks at it
through through different lenses as
well. So, kind of concentric circles.
>> What's the bigger strategy? Like, are
you looking at AI or biotech or
ecommerce or
>> AI? Man, I aren't you a little bit
scared for by AI? Just a little just a
little. I mean, we have to make peace
with it. The the world is changing. Our
lives are changing. So,
>> there are certain things that I just
don't know enough about to want to jump
in with both feet. But yes, I mean, when
it comes to women, finance, um,
healthcare
and tech. Yes. I mean, that is the world
that we live in.
>> Are you using AI?
>> I, you know, last week someone talked
about chat GBT, which of course
everyone's talking about chat GBT. I
hadn't experienced it before.
I'm shocked. I'm a little bit vintage in
many ways because I'm from a time
capsule of handwritten notes and putting
a stamp on a letter and mailing it. And
it's not something that is part of my
day-to-day. But you have to imagine
Siri's not on my phone. I don't have
location services. There are things like
that that I'm I'm not caught up in the
day-to-day tech things that most people
are. But yeah, I'm sure it will end up
being a part of our life in some
capacity. How could it not?
>> AI recipes. I mean, AI recipes are huge.
Thumbs up or thumbs down?
>> This is new.
>> Oh, yeah. You can say, "I have, you
know, these five things in my
>> Oh, wow.
>> fridge. What should I make?"
>> No. What you should do is read Tom
Kickio's Think Like a Chef, which is one
of the best books written by a chef,
frankly, because it teaches you Oh, I
don't want I don't want people to lose
critical thinking. I don't want people
to lose critical thinking. I think it's
great if AI can help with recipes, but I
also would encourage people in the same
way that I do. Cooking can be so playful
and life can be so serious. And if you
can find a moment where you can play a
little bit, I think your day will
probably be a little bit better.
>> You've talked about how important it is
to be financially literate, especially
for women to be absolutely
>> financially literate. You know, talk a
little bit about your own journey around
money, learning how to make it, learning
how to manage it. Certainly as an
auditioning actor, you are paycheck to
paycheck, so you're very mindful about
how you spend. But I grew up clipping
coupons. I grew up looking for deals and
the sale rack. I always worked. I mean,
my first job was when I was 13 at a
frozen yogurt shop called Humphrey
Yogurt. I've had a lot of jobs over the
years. And when you work really hard,
you value
you value what you've earned. So I think
that translates into how I invest. It
translates into how I spend, what I
teach my children. And I think it's
incredibly important for young women
especially to have a sense of why it
matters for her to earn her own money
and to be able to be financially
independent. That's not about
anything other than being self-reliant.
And the more that you're able to take
care of yourself, especially as a woman,
then you're making practical choices in
your life that are not hindered by a
need being met by someone external.
Taking care of yourself is so key and
it's the most empowering thing in the
world.
>> We actually did our first lemonade stand
this weekend.
>> My daughter was asking for it and I
think they learned a lot. They're like,
"Oh, this isn't so easy." As
>> I love that you did that. Now you're
going to have your sticky fingers every
weekend making lemonade.
[Music]
We all want our kids to grow up in
better circumstances than we did.
>> And your kids are going to live in
totally different circumstances than you
did. How do you reconcile that?
We normalize as much as we can. But
also,
>> we're such hands-on parents
>> and it matters so much to both of us.
Being a parent matters so much to my
husband. and being a parent matters so
much to me. And so there's no version of
that where in spite of all of the
privilege that our children have access
to and the life that they have and the
opportunities that they'll be given and
that they'll work for.
>> Mhm.
>> I think from our standpoint, it all
comes back to values. What do we want to
raise?
>> Yeah.
>> Great human beings, kind people, present
and aware
citizens, people who want to help the
world and make things better. And where
does that start? That starts in your
kitchen, in your home, being a part of.
That starts with taking your plate to
the sink and contributing and not
expecting that things will just be taken
care of for you or handed to you.
>> At some point, they're going to be able
to read what's been written. Like,
>> do you think about that moment? Do you
worry about that moment?
>> I think about it, but at the same time,
I think my my children know that I will
tell them the truth. And also I would
caveat that by saying the truth based on
what they can carry in that moment.
>> But also our children get to see the
example of who we are as human beings
every single day.
>> So I know that will be informed by
whatever they end up reading.
>> But equally they have the same great
community that we do.
>> Is there anything you want for your kids
that's different than what you and Harry
have had? Like especially when it comes
to family?
>> Oh yeah. I want them to have
the fullness of life and family and
support in a way that we have had and
that we do have in many ways. And also I
want them to be able to carve out the
life that they want for themselves.
>> And that will very much be
not necessarily mimicking, but that'll
be very much reflective of the choices
my husband and I have made.
>> Hardest question of the day on a busy
night. What is your go-to easy kids
meal?
>> Oh, that's so easy.
That's so easy.
They on the longest day where there is
no time and you don't want any fuss.
Frozen chicken nuggets, frozen tater
tots. They both go in the toaster oven.
My daughter loves macaroni and cheese.
So, one of the ones from Annie's quickly
whip that up. I do put in some chia
seeds or flax and then some broccoli
from the garden. They're great about
that. I'll say, "Can you go pick it?"
>> If you don't Yes. Like, I don't have
broccoli for my children to go and pick.
That's fine. take the bag of broccoli
from your fridge and I just quickly toss
it in with the pasta water at the last
couple minutes so it gets a little bit
done.
>> Okay,
>> that's it. All right, so since you
mentioned frozen, you gave me the
perfect segue. We brought you some
Humphrey yogurt.
>> Oh my god, how does it still exist? It
still exists. It still exists.
>> That is wild.
>> So this was your first jock.
>> Yes. But it was very inventive at the
time because you could take a base
flavor. This is sweet vanilla, tart
vanilla, and chocolate. I can tell by
the colors and you could blend the
toppings into it. So, you would make
your own flavor profile.
>> I'm a tart vanilla girl.
>> Yeah, I think it's a it's a really great
one.
>> Oh my god.
>> You don't like it?
>> No, I love it. Sorry, I'm making a face.
>> That was my take. That was my tart face.
Did the girl who scooped this ever think
she'd be here?
>> No.
No. What does she think now that she's
here?
>> Life is full of surprises. Yeah.
>> And you you can't you cannot predict
anything. You genuinely can't. I just
wanted to be on a TV show that would run
for 10 seasons and I would have been,
but I left seven in because I fell in
love.
>> So, you know, I just am grateful for
where I'm at today. When do you feel the
least Duchess of Sussex?
>> Oh my god.
Sitting here eating a Tamash burger with
you being asked these questions.
Okay. What have you learned about how
you navigate the tough stuff, the
tension, the conflict, the things you
didn't necessarily ask for?
>> Sure. I think everyone needs to know
who their closest friends are that they
can trust, where the right soundboard
can be. I have an amazing partner, so
that obviously is very helpful. No
matter what you're going through, I
think it would be very, very challenging
to navigate it in a silo
>> and to rely on the support that you have
around you
>> to be able to get through things.
>> Megan's got a lot of things to get
through that are completely
unprecedented and so far unresolved, but
she also has a lot of things going for
her as she grows her business. The real
test will be getting beyond the initial
hype and criticism to build and scale a
sustainable business.
It's not just about having a good
product and good execution. A celebrity
brand is only as strong as the
celebrity's image it's built on. Fairly
or unfairly, people have a lot of
opinions about Megan Inc. Perhaps she
can harness all the attention, welcome
or not, to sell a vision that seems to
connect to her truth that she really
does just love to jam in the kitchen.
The hard part may not be getting
customers to buy it, but to believe it.
If you could choose one thing for people
to know the truth about you, what would
that one thing be?
>> No one's ever asked me that.
>> What a great question. The one thing? Oh
gosh. What's the one thing? Oh gosh. I
just,
you know, I I think when I sit with it
for a second here, I just want people to
know that I'm a real person.
And I think a lot of that gets lost in
what can be super dehumanizing when you
look at the clickbait culture and how
much is written about someone. It's
like, no,
my friends have to read those things.
Like I have real best friends, the same
one since I was 17, you know, like I'm a
real mom. I have to go and I choose to
go and do school pickup and drop off. I
do that under a landscape that is
created that forgets that I'm a real
person. And how would you want someone
to treat a real person in your life that
you cared about or loved or respected?
And so there's something about that I
think that often gets lost. And even
though earlier I was saying you can
compartmentalize. I say that's a
caricature. Yes. But my kids will see
those magazines and
we all know moms gossip. And so I I have
to make a choice to move through the
world as myself in spite of all the
noise that's created. But maybe there
would be less noise if people remembered
that I'm a real person.
>> You're a real person.
>> Yeah.
>> I can say I'm here and I can attest to
it.
>> Pinch me. I'm real. She's real. She's a
real person.
[Music]
This is Yeah, this is one of my
favorite. Gosh, we're just knocking
books everywhere.
>> That's yummy.
We're just
>> It's just that one book, too.
>> Everywhere. Okay.
>> Is it okay to be a girl boss?
>> I feel like that was such an of the-
moment term and word.
>> Yeah.
>> And I don't know. I think you wouldn't
say, "Are you being a boy boss?"
>> You're just a boss. Do you need me to
hold for a sound?
>> The boss.
>> No, that was great. I love that.
>> The bird song is great, though. It's so
monos.
>> Beauty and the Is it beauty and the
beast?
>> But it's true. You wouldn't say that.
And so I don't know why we have to
attribute our womanness to any role that
we're taking. Specifically when it comes
to business,
>> it's okay to be a boss. No matter who
you are,
>> baby boss.
>> Got that?
[Music]